[SMTP] Catch  and log error when compile template failed (#1517)
saleor/apps: .changeset/kind-ducks-learn.md

---
"smtp": patch
---

> Error during rendering template is catch and log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error during rendering template is caught and logged
```
